This is me and my fam’ly.
We love being a fam’ly.
We love to do what fam’lies do.
We can talk to each other.
We can talk to Jehovah.
We know he cares a lot for me and you,
’Cause he loves all kinds of people,
And he loves your fam’ly too.
This is my family,
And ev’ryone is special.
This is my family;
We may be big or small,
But we are a family.
Jehovah really loves my family.
We can do things together.
We can do things forever
If we just listen and obey.
We need someone to guide us.
We need someone beside us
Who’ll be there ev’ry single day.
So Jehovah made the fam’ly,
And I’m glad that I can say:
“This is my family,
And ev’ryone is special.
“This is my family;
We may be big or small,
But we are a family.
Jehovah really loves my family.”